README.md, before:

# Happy Birthday 2022

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Links](#links)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Badges](#badges)

## Description

This is a simple little React-based "Happy Birthday" e-card.

## Links

[Deployed application on GitHub Pages](https://lauracole1900.github.io/bday-card-2022/) NOT DEPLOYED YET

## Screenshot

Happy Birthday:
![Happy birthday](assets/images/#)

## Installation Instructions

npm install

## Usage

This project is intended to be used to send "happy birthday" greetings.

## Technologies Used

[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Node.js-3c873a)](https://nodejs.org/en/) [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-React-61dbfb)](https://reactjs.org/) [![React-Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-React%20Bootstrap-61dbfb)](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) [![React-confetti](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-React%20Confetti-cc3534)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-confetti) [![Typed.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Typed.js-242424)](https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/)

## Tests

npm run test

## Credits

Code controlling playback rate of embedded audio files from [ynishi](https://stackoverflow.com/users/15015691/ynishi) and found [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58731760/how-to-use-playbackrate-parameter-for-video-element-in-reactjs)

## Contributing

N/A

## Questions

If you have further questions, you can reach me at lauracole1900@comcast.net. For more of my work, see [my GitHub](https://github.com/LauraCole1900).

## Badges

[![License badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-000000)](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

added candle credit to README; moved the container div in CSS; added candle to App.js; renamed audioEmbed; adjusted styling of buttons for audioEmbed; added candle code & css

README.md, after:

# Happy Birthday 2022

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Links](#links)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Badges](#badges)

## Description

This is a simple little React-based "Happy Birthday" e-card.

## Links

[Deployed application on GitHub Pages](https://lauracole1900.github.io/bday-card-2022/) NOT DEPLOYED YET

## Screenshot

Happy Birthday:
![Happy birthday](assets/images/#)

## Installation Instructions

npm install

## Usage

This project is intended to be used to send "happy birthday" greetings.

## Technologies Used

[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Node.js-3c873a)](https://nodejs.org/en/) [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-React-61dbfb)](https://reactjs.org/) [![React-Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-React%20Bootstrap-61dbfb)](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) [![React-confetti](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-React%20Confetti-cc3534)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-confetti) [![Typed.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Typed.js-242424)](https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/)

## Tests

npm run test

## Credits

Code controlling playback rate of embedded audio files from [ynishi](https://stackoverflow.com/users/15015691/ynishi) and found [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58731760/how-to-use-playbackrate-parameter-for-video-element-in-reactjs)

Code for the birthday candle was created by [gabby](https://codepen.io/ggglll) and found [here](https://codepen.io/ggglll/pen/oJbMja)

## Contributing

N/A

## Questions

If you have further questions, you can reach me at lauracole1900@comcast.net. For more of my work, see [my GitHub](https://github.com/LauraCole1900).

## Badges

[![License badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-000000)](./LICENSE)
